some 130 a song of a sense out of the
some 130 a song of a sense out of the depths I have cried to you O Lord Lord
depths I have cried to you O Lord Lord
depths I have cried to you O Lord Lord hear my voice let your ears be attentive
hear my voice let your ears be attentive
hear my voice let your ears be attentive to the voice of my supplications if you
to the voice of my supplications if you
to the voice of my supplications if you Lord should mark iniquities O Lord who
Lord should mark iniquities O Lord who
Lord should mark iniquities O Lord who could stand but there is forgiveness
could stand but there is forgiveness
could stand but there is forgiveness with you that you may be feared I wait
with you that you may be feared I wait
with you that you may be feared I wait for the Lord my soul waits and in his
for the Lord my soul waits and in his
for the Lord my soul waits and in his world
world
world I do hope my soul waits for the Lord
I do hope my soul waits for the Lord
I do hope my soul waits for the Lord more than those who watch for the
more than those who watch for the
more than those who watch for the morning yes more than those who watch
morning yes more than those who watch
morning yes more than those who watch for the morning over sermon hope in the
for the morning over sermon hope in the
for the morning over sermon hope in the Lord for with the Lord there is mercy
Lord for with the Lord there is mercy
Lord for with the Lord there is mercy and with him his abundant Redemption and
and with him his abundant Redemption and
and with him his abundant Redemption and he shall redeem Israel from all fizzed
he shall redeem Israel from all fizzed
he shall redeem Israel from all fizzed iniquities
iniquities
iniquities [Music]